## 1. [Git and Github](1_get_started/readme.md) Reflection

* What struggles did you have setting up git and GitHub? What did you learn in the process?
* Write an explanation of and compare git and GitHub to a non-technical audience. 
* Describe what version control is and how GitHub helps with it.
* Why do developers use version control (git)? Does that make sense to you? Why or why not?
* What doesn't make sense? What does?

<!-- Add your reflection here. Remove the comment markers -->
My biggest suprise when setting up git and GitHub was that I had already had it set up. I had forgotten that I had installed git along with ruby long ago. The biggest challenge then became understanding how git and GitHub work together, but also proved to be the biggest learning experience. I came to the realization that git is the program, and GitHub is a version of the program that is synced online. Git is GitHub as using a word processor installed on your computer is to Google Documents. The difference is that Microsoft office is installed on the hard drive and therefore accessible offline vs. a google document stored online only unless downloaded. Git's function is to keep track of changes made to code whenever the author commit's changes. GitHub serves multiple functions, first it makes all your git documents available online, secondly it allows for users to share their programs with others. The importance of version control lies in the errancy of programmers, and the constant advancement of technology. As a tracker, git remembers the version that a snippet of code is written in and the changes made. GitHub allows for collaborators to ensure that they are using the same version of a program to prevent bugs. I think this makes perfect sense since a huge part of coding is debugging, it makes sense to take preventative measures. By making a note every time you commit a change you remind yourself what is going on in your program and what changes you made. At this point, I understand git's purpose and function, but I am not sure how often I should be using it.
